Update setup-anti-phishing.md (#6040)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business-video/setup-anti-phishing.md

## Try it!

1. In the admin center at [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com), select **Security**, **Policies & rules**, **Threat Policies**, then **Anti-phishing**.
1. Select **Default Policy** to refine it.
1. In the **Phishing threshold & protection** section, select **Edit protection settings**.

> 1. Choose **Enable domains to protect** and select **Include the domains you own**, **Include custom domain** and Click on **Manage custom domain(s)** to add a domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Enable domains to protect** and select **Include the domains you own** and **Include custom domain**, then select **Manage custom domain(s)** to add a domain.
```

1. Choose **Add trusted senders and domains**. Here you can add email addresses or domains that shouldn't be classified as an impersonation.

> 1. Choose **Enable Mailbox intelligence**, and **Enable Intelligence for impersonation protection** to enable enhanced impersonation results based on each user's individual sender map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Enable Mailbox intelligence** and **Enable Intelligence for impersonation protection** to enable enhanced impersonation results based on each user's individual sender map.
```

> 1. Select **Enable Spoof intelligence** to Choose how you want to filter email from senders who are spoofing domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Enable Spoof intelligence** to choose how you want to filter email from senders who are spoofing domains.
```

> 1. **Save**, then **Close**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Save**, then **Close**.
```
